Update Summary.md (#710)
vtex-apps/io-documentation: docs/en/Recipes/store-management/translating-catalog-content.md

# Translating catalog content

In this step-by-step, we teach you how to overwrite an automatic message translation from the Catalog, such as a product name or a product description, with a more specific and representative content of your store.

As a background, catalog messages are translatable text strings related to the catalog of a store, saved as external data in the [Catalog API](https://developers.vtex.com/reference/catalog-api-overview).
 

> :warning: *The Catalog API is one of the multiple REST APIs that compose the VTEX Administrative panel. This particular API is responsible for manipulating a store’s sales channels, categories, brands, products, SKUs, and specifications.*

Author: ```suggestion
:information_source: *The Catalog API is one of the multiple REST APIs that compose the VTEX Administrative panel. This particular API is responsible for manipulating a store’s sales channels, categories, brands, products, SKUs, and specifications.*
```

- **Brand:** name, keywords (similar words), page title (tag title), meta tag description, and the URL slug (cross-border stores only).
- **Product:** name, keywords (substitute words), page title (tag title), description, short description, meta tag description, and the URL slug (cross-border stores only).
- **SKU** name.
- **[SKU or product specification](https://help.vtex.com/en/tracks/catalog-101--5AF0XfnjfWeopIFBgs3LIQ/2NQoBv8m4Yz3oQaLgDRagP):** name, description, and values.

However, we understand that considering literal translations and cultural factors, you may want to overwrite automatic translations with specific and representative content of your store. 

This is possible via the `catalog-graphql` app, which is the GraphQL interface of the Catalog API.

## Step by step

Follow this step by step if you aim to translate text messages from your store's catalog.

1. [Install](https://vtex.io/docs/recipes/store/installing-an-app) the `vtex.admin-graphql-ide@3.x` app using your terminal.

2. Access the **GraphQL admin IDE** section of the desired account. You will find it in the admin's side-bar menu:

> <img style="box-shadow: 0 3px 9px 0 rgba(61, 62, 64, 0.2);" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/52087100/66516950-95d29a00-eab8-11e9-8cea-080fbdab84d5.png">

Author: ```suggestion
![catalog](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/52087100/66516950-95d29a00-eab8-11e9-8cea-080fbdab84d5.png)
```
